Disney Epic Mickey the power to is the
opportunity to revisit a world that
really touched players in a way that
nothing I've ever worked on before it
was able to do the power of two
strengthens the bond between Mickey and
Oswald through the trials and
tribulations that they have to
experience together that's really what
brings out the strength in this story
the opportunity to go back there and
spend some more time with those
characters in that world what players do
the same was an opportunity that was
just too good to pass up
one of our goal has always been to make
a game that is worthy of the Disney name
we wanted this game to feel like a
Disney film of course Mickey has his
unique ability use paint and thinner
that is what makes him special what
makes him unique in the world one of the
key elements of Disney Epic Mickey the
power of tube was always that the player
is going to be able to play as Oswald
you can be playing as Mickey on your
couch and a friend a family member can
sit down right next to you and at any
point of the game take control of Oswald
and play as him Oswald has got a
complimentary and contrasting skill set
with Nicky what we did is take advantage
of something we introduced in the first
game Oswald to remote control with
Oswald with co-op play it brings a whole
new twist to the choices that you have
in front of you
it's exciting making this game across
every platform this opens it up to a lot
of different people on how they play it
brings even their play style to their
controller to their console the camera
in Disney Epic Mickey the power of two
is dramatically as we've made hundreds
and hundreds of changes we're taking
advantage of the fact that we now have
full speech together using all of the
original disney character actors
high-definition obviously offers a whole
host of advantages we're able to use the
power of the next-gen consoles to allow
us to create more
we created a world that was rich enough
and deep enough that it's worth
revisiting this time it's about Mickey
and Oswald together through all of the
stories twists and turns and mysteries
there are plenty of stories to tell in
waste polenta we've just scratched the
surface
you